Isaak is such an experienced tracker he
can spot the tiniest signs that wolves
have been here wolf tracks right here
these tracks here they look very fresh
to me but the good news is this looks
like a ideal spot for a run of your
sight you got a creek coming through
we've got some open areas to play in
everything is pointing that this might
be the spot
[Music]
the rain has started again dampening
golden spirits and saying here axis of
my ankles and he's an old squirrel
Chaumont
was rain splattering in to the high heat
so things have been better and I just
hope it all worthwhile
I really I'm so desperate to see these
wolves I just think I just hope that
that's all for these off
[Applause]
it's coat is a distinctive rusty brown
color characteristic of these coastal
wounds only a handful of people have
filmed this unique behavior and it's the
first time Gordon has seen a wolf
close-up in the wild this is very much
the fulfillment of a lifetime ambition
handsome handsome handsome dog not only
two wolves catch salmon there are
reports of them hunting seals
snatching sea birds and foraging for
mussels some are known to swim more than
seven miles at a stretch
the fact that wolves and humans can
survive in the same places and hunt the
same food has brought them into conflict
amazing you look at this animal and
think that the attitude was exterminate
to wipe them out because we fear them we
see them as competition
one of the world's most interesting
charismatic animals just to see it in
the wild is utterly fantastic
[Music]
[Applause]